Add privacy consideration around client instance tracking (#5)
vcstuff/draft-looker-oauth-attested-key-based-client-authentication: draft-looker-oauth-attested-key-based-client-authentication.md

Authorization servers issuing a refresh token in response to a token request using the "urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-key-attestation" client authentication method MUST bind the refresh token to the client instance, and NOT just the client as specified in section 6 [@!RFC6749]. To prove this binding, the client instance MUST authenticate itself to the authorization server when refreshing an access token using the "urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-key-attestation" authentication method. The client MUST also use the same client attestation key that was used for authentication when the refresh token was issued.

# Privacy Considerations

## Client Instance Tracking Across Authorization Servers

> Implementers should be aware that using the same attestation key across multiple authorization servers could result in correlation of the end user using the client instance. Client deployments are therefore RECOMMENDED to use different attestation keys across different authorization servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementers should be aware that using the same client attestation across multiple authorization servers could result in correlation of the end user using the client instance through claim values (including the public key in the `cnf` claim). Client deployments are therefore RECOMMENDED to use different client attestations across different authorization servers.
```
